I know that maybe it's asking too much but I trust you I think
we are ready to take this step
come on, let's go together
lara has advanced in nothing
I was going to take out
Andre was talking verizon
alfredo why not plants
you already know that your school that has the profile one so that it continues being classes
to sing
by god we are adults golden palm
is too old to learn Basque
I no longer have an age to memorize
of the last league were 17 goals in favor of 2% of the corners
while the
for now the 85 percent was ten
thank you on your side
It is based on four words and also has rhythm
I'm Alfredo Noval
the big ones are open
2 maybe mortals it was
do not remember that yesterday when we talked about the environment of Donostia we learned that
marta is said
thais soha all
today how beautiful the song that sent it ahead of snow I
I raise political scientist
rihanna mercedes sosa cancioncita there will be in sabin etxea preparing
alderdi eguna iss
then the budget line
oaxaca with
that's why you say past with coal
say this
urgently good this I think that they go from one should be a nexus emplo of
environmentalism and thus do without fossil fuels
the man in charge of the ecological committee
that instead of being in the lehendakari mass
an exciting one of distributing recycled plastic cups
venezuela made her family sing in front of her
workers
my nephew did not confuse my school but they know that they think of the relatives
of dissidents opened yesterday in three and a half years
the presentation of it
this Saturday of the song
that a judge issued the first
your decision to
Nameless
his dead man
intimacy first
this started losing a chimp
and the americas
asprilla or april
the sheraton